README.md, before:

# Useful_References
Useful references for electronics and embedded systems

# Electronics - PCB Design - Hardware
| # | Reference Title | Author(s) | Link | Recommended By |
| - | --------------- | --------- | ---- | -------------- |
| 1 | The Art of Electronics | Paul Horowitz, Winfield Hill | [Link](https://www.amazon.com/Art-Electronics-Paul-Horowitz/dp/0521809266) | - |
| 2 | The Art of Electronics: The x Chapters | Paul Horowitz, Winfield Hill | [Link](https://www.amazon.com/Art-Electronics-x-Chapters/dp/1108499945) | - |
| 3 | Practical Electronics for Inventors | by Paul Scherz , Simon Monk | [Link](https://www.amazon.com/Practical-Electronics-Inventors-Fourth-Scherz/dp/1259587541) | - |
| 4 | Open Circuits: The Inner Beauty of Electronic Components | Windell Oskay, Eric Schlaepfer | [Link](https://www.amazon.com/Open-Circuits-Beauty-Electronic-Components/dp/1718502346) | [Link](https://opencircuitsbook.com/) |
| 5 | EMC at Component and PCB Level | Martin O 'Hara | [Link](https://www.elsevier.com/books/emc-at-component-and-pcb-level/o-hara/978-0-7506-3355-0) | - |
| 6 | Teach Yourself Electricity and Electronics | Stan Gibilisco, Simon Monk | [Link](https://www.amazon.com/Teach-Yourself-Electricity-Electronics-Sixth/dp/1259585530) | - |

# Reverse Engineering - hardware Hacking
| # | Reference Title | Author(s) | Link | Recommended By |
| - | --------------- | --------- | ---- | -------------- |
| 1 | The Art of PCB Reverse Engineering (Standard Edition): Unravelling the Beauty of the Original Design | Mr Keng Tiong Ng | [Link](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/151880053X/) | - |

# High Speed Digital Design
| # | Reference Title | Author(s) | Link | Recommended By |
| - | --------------- | --------- | ---- | -------------- |
| 1 | The VNA Applications Handbook  | Gregory Bonaguide, Neil Jarvis  | [Link](https://books.google.com.eg/books?id=_VyzDwAAQBAJ&lpg=PA152&dq=The%20VNA%20Applications%20Handbook&pg=PP1#v=onepage&q=The%20VNA%20Applications%20Handbook&f=false) | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4eLcTC4Ako) |

# Power Electronics - SMPS - DC-DC Converters
| # | Reference Title | Author(s) | Link | Recommended By |
| - | --------------- | --------- | ---- | -------------- |
| 1 | Power Electronics Step-by-Step: Design, Modeling, Simulation, and Control | Weidong Xiao | [Link](https://books.google.com.eg/books?id=b00TEAAAQBAJ) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9tx88upmdU) |

Commit message:

Added Bird's Electrical and Electronic Principles and Technology

README.md, after:

# Useful_References
Useful references for electronics and embedded systems

# Electronics - PCB Design - Hardware
| # | Reference Title | Author(s) | Link | Recommended By |
| - | --------------- | --------- | ---- | -------------- |
| 1 | The Art of Electronics | Paul Horowitz, Winfield Hill | [Link](https://www.amazon.com/Art-Electronics-Paul-Horowitz/dp/0521809266) | - |
| 2 | The Art of Electronics: The x Chapters | Paul Horowitz, Winfield Hill | [Link](https://www.amazon.com/Art-Electronics-x-Chapters/dp/1108499945) | - |
| 3 | Practical Electronics for Inventors | by Paul Scherz , Simon Monk | [Link](https://www.amazon.com/Practical-Electronics-Inventors-Fourth-Scherz/dp/1259587541) | - |
| 4 | Open Circuits: The Inner Beauty of Electronic Components | Windell Oskay, Eric Schlaepfer | [Link](https://www.amazon.com/Open-Circuits-Beauty-Electronic-Components/dp/1718502346) | [Link](https://opencircuitsbook.com/) |
| 5 | EMC at Component and PCB Level | Martin O 'Hara | [Link](https://www.elsevier.com/books/emc-at-component-and-pcb-level/o-hara/978-0-7506-3355-0) | - |
| 6 | Teach Yourself Electricity and Electronics | Stan Gibilisco, Simon Monk | [Link](https://www.amazon.com/Teach-Yourself-Electricity-Electronics-Sixth/dp/1259585530) | - |
| 7 | Bird's Electrical and Electronic Principles and Technology | John Bird | [Link](https://www.amazon.com/Birds-Electrical-Electronic-Principles-Technology-ebook/dp/B0933L77ZD) | - |

# Reverse Engineering - hardware Hacking
| # | Reference Title | Author(s) | Link | Recommended By |
| - | --------------- | --------- | ---- | -------------- |
| 1 | The Art of PCB Reverse Engineering (Standard Edition): Unravelling the Beauty of the Original Design | Mr Keng Tiong Ng | [Link](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/151880053X/) | - |

# High Speed Digital Design
| # | Reference Title | Author(s) | Link | Recommended By |
| - | --------------- | --------- | ---- | -------------- |
| 1 | The VNA Applications Handbook  | Gregory Bonaguide, Neil Jarvis  | [Link](https://books.google.com.eg/books?id=_VyzDwAAQBAJ&lpg=PA152&dq=The%20VNA%20Applications%20Handbook&pg=PP1#v=onepage&q=The%20VNA%20Applications%20Handbook&f=false) | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4eLcTC4Ako) |

# Power Electronics - SMPS - DC-DC Converters
| # | Reference Title | Author(s) | Link | Recommended By |
| - | --------------- | --------- | ---- | -------------- |
| 1 | Power Electronics Step-by-Step: Design, Modeling, Simulation, and Control | Weidong Xiao | [Link](https://books.google.com.eg/books?id=b00TEAAAQBAJ) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9tx88upmdU) |
